good day it's Tony Fortunato from the
technology firm today I'm going to share
a little utility with you that might be
able to help you at work or in life it's
called virtual router plus and that's
this little guy here so we're gonna just
move him off to the side here and look
at the website for a second this is one
of those websites where unfortunately
you have to read very carefully you've
got a download link here that's not the
download that's for this jzip thing and
render Neath it there's another download
that's for a codec so it's kind of
annoying when it looks like it's
actually in a legitimate download for
that site this is your zip rar opener
that's not it this is it download latest
release so unfortunately that's where
you get it you can always just Google
download virtual router plus if you'd
like and it'll probably take you right
to the download page so once you get it
it's real simple just unzip it or unpack
it or however you want to call that you
in it with all your files in a folder
you just double-click that executable
this guy pops up so now that you've got
this guy up on the screen you create an
SSID I called it Alienware because
that's the computer it's on and a
password and because it's 24 gigahertz
and I'm using wpa2 that's my password
this is the important part is what
network connection on your PC do you
want to share so this could be a 3G card
it can be your land card it can be
anything it doesn't matter my case it's
simply going to be my land connection if
you look at the pulldown menu it'll scan
your system and find all your adapters
for you you click start virtual + it
says working and in the bottom here it
said success and now I know it's running
that's it so now you can get your smart
phone and connect to the internet
through your PC so this is good for
those places where you only have a wired
connection it's also good for lab work
if you need a couple of access points
and you don't want to go out and buy a
bunch of access points it's also good if
you want to synchronize your phone or
copy data from your phone to your
computer and you're able to do that via
Wi-Fi but there's no Wi-Fi network
around or the Wi-Fi network is not
allowing you to talk between devices
then this is a pretty good utility too
so
sweet simple and it uses your antenna
and your radio obviously on the laptop
so your distance will vary depending on
a whole bunch of stuff I was able to get
at least 2530 feet range from my
Alienware as well so there you go hope
that helps
have a good day bye for now